[Music]
hello everyone my name is Sarah she runs
with peachy this past year of reviewing
laptops
it was selfishly all about me I wanted
to find a new laptop well no more this
year is all about you
so we're gonna be looking through the
lens of different types of people what
is the right laptop in this video is
about the HP spectre x360 and thank you
Intel for sponsoring this video
sponsoring this journey ok I think it's
I think it's time to start ok I'm not
actually gonna wear these glasses do you
get the bit guys like I'm a college
student even though the dropout
this time in your life whether you're at
a dorm or you're staying at home you
don't really have a TV I didn't have an
actual TV until I moved to New York I
just used my laptop for watching all of
the things the HP Spectre has high-end
B&O speakers let's give them a lift
company rather than just a YouTube
channel just doing you know videos
overwhelming to where you just get in
the flow of creating not only are there
the knurl speakers on top of the laptop
when it is unfolded but when it's folded
like this you get really nice sound from
the speakers on the bottom of the laptop
I think the biggest Pro about the HP
Spectre x-360 I'm just gonna call it
Spectre from here Anna is the battery
life and the form factor this thing is
portable this has to do with Intel's
work with display manufacturers and
building what they call a 1 watt display
The Spectre gets 16 hours of full HD
video local playback with 115 its
brightness of course the battery life
will vary depending on real world use
what apps you use but this one want
display is a 1920 by 1080 display with a
10-point touchscreen with pin support
before you note-takers get excited for K
touch displays are beautiful I have one
on my XPS 15
however they are power-hungry and come
with a price Jack why do I feel the need
to do that on all of my videos now do
you guys want to ASMR tech video yes
camera does have 4k with an additional
$40 you can get HP sure view technology
which enables a built-in privacy screen
filter this is a nosy person's worst
nightmare that professor or student
beside you they can't see your screen
they can't see your on Twitter instead
of taking notes
[Music]
the HP Spectre starts at 10:49 but the
one we have is 1349 with 512 gigabytes
of SSD
16 gigs of ram and Intel's eighth
generation i7 processor you can upgrade
the SSD to up to 2 terabytes of storage
and it actually has expandable storage
with the microSD slot so if you run out
of room for your e-text books photos
videos just pop in a microSD the
spectres two and one form factor is
perfect for note-taking and until Asia
and I 785 65 U is perfect for your
content creation side hustle different
she resolved Premiere Pro watch out the
U in the processor name actually stands
for ultra low power consumption so yes
it still has the four cores eight
threads it can turbo boost up to four
gigahertz that will keep things moving
along but with a combo with the
processor and the one want display that
equals all-day battery life there's a
thing going on I feel like you college
kids need battery life right I feel like
it's a constant struggle who's hogging
the power outlets where you don't need a
power outlet because you've got all day
battery life I am so on board the
two-in-one train so right now I'm gonna
be in Microsoft OneNote so this is a
pretty epic note taking application
[Music]
it's a free application and the pen
feels great I will save back in my
college days my notes were great I took
pride in my notes the first two years
when I was actually trying of course I
use an app called notability if you
already have a tablet of some sort but I
will say one thing that I would kill for
is a keyboard and an actual operating
system so the fact that this tablet it's
great it's great is attached to a full
functioning laptop again sign me up
I'm on this two-in-one train okay but
you people need numbers right Cinebench
are 20 tested at 764 and crystal disk
mark scores were very fast at 34 75 read
and 2515 write shout out to that m2 SSD
Wow
I had to replace my SSD in my laptop
recently in order to get those feats the
fact that we're getting that straight
from the manufacturer
go team power delivery via USB C and
Thunderbolt 3 support makes integrating
a display at home or your dorm or
apartment easy so you can avoid the
hassle and price of a desktop computer
it can support up to 2 5k monitors an
Adobe CC we've tested an export of a
usual 10-minute youtube video of mine so
it's 1920 by 1080 a mixture of gopro
iphone and sony footage a light on
convert color grade and then some music
here in there and HP Spectre exported it
in 14 minutes not bad at all
in the coming laptop reviews we're gonna
use all of these same like videos
benchmark so you can actually have
things to compare from pro tip pro to
pro tip if you don't have QuickLook
installed it's an app you can get on the
Microsoft Store where it brings back
that quick look vibe from mac books and
look spacebar preview
it's not be why is this so snappy watch
it'll go from the JPEG to the raw dot
ARW but it previews it in raw - did you
see that
so it's a 6000 pixel picture RAW format
and then it just casually is jumping in
between the JPEG in the raw image like
it's no one's business look at that so
it's from ahead is the 4k project we're
doctor
[Music]
the specter is portable you will bring
this everywhere with you and it has
great connectivity it has the Intel 90
to 60 Wi-Fi chip that's the same chip I
actually just upgraded to with my XPS
and it features 4G LTE capabilities
that's right you just add your computer
to your carrier plan as an added device
it's only gonna be like $10 a month and
boom you have secure fast internet
wherever you are
so no more dingy library guys go outside
enjoy the Sun sit on a bench finish your
homework so glad I don't have homework
anymore the i/o includes a headphone /
microphone combo jack 2 Thunderbolt 3
ports via USB seam 1 USB 3.1 gen2 how
many names can we have for a USB type 8
port guys come on and then of course a
slot for a micro SD and 4G LTE sim
having to Thunderbolt 3 ports is clutch
with connecting a wide variety of
displays and also external hard drives
that are going to be super super fast
you can also power your phone or other
devices via USB when the laptop is
actually just closed in your backpack so
it's basically like a big portable
battery privacy is super important
nowadays the spectre actually has a
physical kill switch for the camera a
fingerprint ID and also a Windows hello
camera so this laptop is secure the
keyboard is amazing and actually has
quite a bit of travel I love having the
full left and right arrows however the
keyboard being a little off-center to
the left
threw me off the first couple days of
using it but I guess I'm used to it it's
pretty quiet for typing in class not
like those butterfly keys and I actually
really enjoy the touchpad you know I'm
the first to call out a bad touchpad the
only weird thing is I wasn't able to
change the scrolling direction from
natural to inverted yeah I trust me I
tried all the settings I looked up all
of the forums I don't know if it has to
do with not having Microsoft precision
drivers but it is weird I had to train
my brain that up is down
I don't get you people who use touch
pads that way in conclusion the battery
life is fantastic thanks to Intel's 1:1
technology if you are a creative
professional and you have a heavy video
workflow like constant or you work with
4k a lot you know what I wouldn't
recommend this but it's so great at
being great with many tasks yeah you're
a social butterfly you keep up with the
Improv club's Instagram but hey you're
also a straight-a student who takes
notes and their fancy two and one and
you have everyone at your door saying
send me the notes basically what I'm
saying is from the classroom to watching
movies in bed it gets the job done and
the speakers have I talked about the
speakers yet they're so good I would say
another good laptops try out if you want
that small form-factor it is the Dell
XPS 13 it's not a two on one
I hope this was helpful it's so hard to
pack all the things I want to say about
one laptop in one video so let me know
if you have any questions thank you so
much from the bottom of my heart Intel
for sponsoring this video sponsoring the
journey let me know if you have any more
laptops you want me to review cuz
remember it's about you what person what
laptop what life do you want me to
explore let me know if you like this
video subscribe button down below for
new videos every single week podcasts
down in description below all the things
stay peachy stay peachy
okay
[Music]
you